Monterey California mazda Raceway Laguna
Seca one of the world's most famous
racetracks Laguna Seca and it's hallowed
grounds have played host to such legends
as and ready Donaghy McLaren Rossi Bell
and rainy the famed Superbike world
champion even as a turn named after him
here one of the fastest left-handers on
the circuit thousands of gasoline-fueled
hopeless trek to the racetrack on
weekends eager to push themselves just
like their heroes on an average track
day you'd expect to see Porsche
Corvettes and other high powered
machinery show up often times you'd be
dead right but today something a little
different has shown up something a
little more unique something a lot more
electric and we're not talking about
some little Prius the refuel alternative
fuel track experience has shown up with
the track organization speed ventures
and the volts are flying from bikes to
converted Porsches to this theme the
track is filled with go-fast machines
that aren't planning on using a single
drop of liquid gold
many are garage built labors of love
that their engineering owners have
poured countless hours of design and
labor into one is an outright monster an
all-electric sports racer fit with
racing slicks a huge wing and the
Mondial looks and towards the back of
the paddock in the middle of a web of
chargers and cables is the Tesla
Roadster more than a few owners of the
Lotus derived electric car have made the
trip up to Laguna Seca some of these
drivers have never been on a racetrack
before in their lives let alone in an
electric car lucky for them the car is
solid the Tesla Roadster itself is based
on the same basic platform as the Elise
which is famous for its handling as
battery charges
twinkle away and the day draws to an end
the awards for the time trial session
are handed out the refuel cars have all
headed out one at a time to do their
best against the clock now the IndyCar
and MotoGP fields don't have anything to
be worried about but then again neither
does mother earth or her supply of fresh
oxygen the electric track honor is this
the way of the future